https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzuka_Circuit,circuits/suzuka.png,Identify the circuit,Suzuka,Silverstone,Nurburgring,Interlagos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intercity_Istanbul_Park,circuits/istanbul.png,Identify the circuit,Istanbul,Suzuka,Imola,Monza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N%C3%BCrburgring,circuits/nurburgring.png,Identify the circuit,Nurburgring,Suzuka,Monza,Catalunya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_de_Nevers_Magny-Cours,circuits/magny_cours.png,Identify the circuit,Magny Cours,Nurburgring,Hockenheim,Silverstone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aut%C3%B3dromo_Jos%C3%A9_Carlos_Pace,circuits/interlagos.png,Identify the circuit,Interlagos,Imola,RedBull Ring,Brands Hatch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sepang_International_Circuit,circuits/sepang.png,Identify the circuit,Sepang,Monza,Interlagos,Magny Cours
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brands_Hatch,circuits/brands_hatch.png,Identify the circuit,Brands Hatch,Monza,Catalunya,Istanbul
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_de_Barcelona-Catalunya,circuits/catalunya.png,Identify the circuit,Catalunya,Istanbul,Silverstone,RedBull Ring
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marina_Bay_Street_Circuit,circuits/marina_bay.png,Identify the circuit,Marina Bay,Brands Hatch,Watkins Glen,Magny Cours
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valencia_Street_Circuit,circuits/valencia.png,Identify the circuit,Valencia,Suzuka,Marina Bay,Silverstone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silverstone_Circuit,circuits/silverstone.png,Identify the circuit,Silverstone,Monza,Austin,Sepang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N%C3%BCrburgring,circuits/nordschleife_nurburgring.png,Identify the circuit,Nordschleife Nurburgring,Valencia,Interlagos,Marina Bay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N%C3%BCrburgring,circuits/unknown.png,Which track was named the Green Hell by Jackie Stewart,Nordschleife Nurburgring,Brands Hatch,Magny Cours,Watkins Glen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_Gilles_Villeneuve,circuits/villeneuve.png,Identify the circuit,Gilles Villeneuve,Brands Hatch,Magny Cours,Watkins Glen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyalami,circuits/kyalami.png,Identify the circuit,Kyalami,Suzuka,Interlagos,Catalunya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_of_the_Americas,circuits/americas.png,Identify the circuit,Austin,Monaco,Imola,Istanbul
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adelaide_Street_Circuit,circuits/adelaide.png,Identify the circuit,Adelaide,Silverstone,Imola,Interlagos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melbourne_Grand_Prix_Circuit,circuits/albert_park.png,Identify the circuit,Albert Park,Marina Bay,Magny Cours,Gilles Villeneuve
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aintree_Motor_Racing_Circuit,circuits/aintree.png,Identify the circuit,Aintree,Silverstone,Nurburgring,Hockenheim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baku_City_Circuit,circuits/bak.png,Identify the circuit,Baku,Monza,Istanbul,Catalunya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_Bremgarten,circuits/bremgarten.png,Identify the circuit,Bremgarten,Hockenheim,Silverstone,Catalunya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circuit_Bremgarten,circuits/bremgarten.png,Which country is the bremgarten circuit located,Switzerland,Germany,Austria,Holland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pescara_Circuit,circuits/pescara.png,Which was the longest circuit ever used in F1,Pescara,Nordschleife Nurburgring,Aintree,Reims Gueux
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monaco_Grand_Prix#Multiple_winners_(drivers),circuits/monaco.png,Which driver holds the record for most wins in Monaco,Ayrton Senna,Graham Hill,Michael Schumacher,Alain Prost
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_Italian_Grand_Prix,circuits/unknown.png,Which circuit was the closest ever F1 victory won at,1971 Monza,1982 A1 Ring,1986 Jerez,2002 Indianapolis
