https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Alesi,helmets/alesi.jpg,Name the helmet,Jean Alesi,Michael Schumacher,Mika Hakkinen,Elio De Angelis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giancarlo_Fisichella,helmets/fisichella.jpg,Name the helmet,Giancarlo Fisichella,Felipe Massa,Jarno Trulli,Fernando Alonso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilles_Villeneuve,helmets/gilles_villeneuve.jpg,Name the Helmet,Gilles Villeneuve,Alain Prost,John Watson,Niki Lauda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Villeneuve,helmets/villeneuve.jpg,Name the helmet,Jacques Villeneuve,Damon Hill,Norberto Fontana,Tarso Marques
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elio_de_Angelis,helmets/angelis.jpg,Name the helmet,Elio De Angelis,Jean Alesi,Mario Andretti,Clay Regazzoni
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson_Piquet,helmets/piquet.jpg,Name the helmet,Nelson Piquet,Nigel Mansell,John Watson,Niki Lauda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelson_Piquet_Jr.,helmets/piquet_jr.jpg,Name the helmet,Nelson Piquet-Jr,Nelson Piquet,Max Verstappen,Jos Verstappen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Hunt,helmets/hunt.jpg,Name the helmet,James Hunt,Jacky Ickx,Jochen Rindt,Jim Clark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Schumacher,helmets/michael_schumacher.jpg,Name the helmet,Michael Schumacher,Sebastian Vettel,Fernando Alonso,Stefan Bellof
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddie_Irvine,helmets/irvine.jpg,Name the helmet,Eddie Irvine,Michael Schumacher,Rubens Barrichello,Olivier Panis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_Diniz,helmets/diniz.jpg,Name the helmet,Pedro Diniz,Olivier Panis,Alexander Wurz,Ricardo Zonta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aguri_Suzuki,helmets/suzuki.jpg,Name the helmet,Aguri Suzuki,Nigel Mansell,Elio De Angelis,Jean Alesi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emerson_Fittipaldi,helmets/emerson_fittipaldi.jpg,Name the helmet,Emerson Fittipaldi,John Watson,Niki Lauda,James Hunt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Watson_(racing_driver),helmets/watson.jpg,Name the helmet,John Watson,Niki Lauda,Nelson Piquet,Emerson Fittipaldi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Alonso,helmets/alonso.jpg,Name the helmet,Fernando Alonso,Carlos Sainz Jr,Felipe Massa,Mika Hakkinen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riccardo_Patrese,helmets/patrese.jpg,Name the driver,Riccardo Patrese,Nigel Mansell,Alain Prost,Gerhard Berger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Amon,helmets/amon.jpg,Identify the helmet,Hector Rebaque,Boby Rahal,Tony Trimmer,Derek Daly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Brabham,helmets/jack_brabham.jpg,Identify the helmet,Jack Brabham,John Surtees,Jim Clark,Chris Amon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_Mansell,helmets/mansell.jpg,Name the helmet,Nigel Mansell,Jenson Button,Johnny Herbert,Martin Brundle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Herbert,helmets/herbert.jpg,Name the helmet,Johnny Herbert,Nigel Mansell,Jenson Button,Martin Brundle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_McLaren,helmets/mclaren.jpg,Identify the helmet,Bruce McLaren,Jim Clark,Juan Fangio,Jack Brabham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A9ctor_Rebaque,helmets/rebaque.jpg,Identify the helmet,Hector Rebaque,John Watson,Derek Daly,Kevin Cogan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronnie_Peterson,helmets/peterson.jpg,Identify the helmet,Ronnie Peterson,Michele Alboreto,Gunnar Nilsson,Marcus Ericsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunnar_Nilsson,helmets/nilsson.jpg,Identify the helmet,Gunnar Nilsson,Michele Alboreto,Ronnie Peterson,Marcus Ericsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michele_Alboreto,helmets/alboreto.jpg,Identify the helmet,Michele Alboreto,Ronnie Peterson,Gunnar Nilsson,Marcus Ericsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcus_Ericsson,helmets/ericsson.jpg,Identify the helmet,Marcus Ericsson,Michele Alboreto,Gunnar Nilsson,Ronnie Peterson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerhard_Berger,helmets/berger.jpg,Identify the helmet,Gerhard Berger,James Hunt,Jacky Ickx,Niki Lauda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alain_Prost,helmets/prost.jpg,Identify the helmet,Alain Prost,Riccardo Patrese,Jean Alesi,Olivier Panis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Kubica,helmets/kubica.jpg,Identify the helmet,Robert Kubica,Bruno Senna,Marcus Ericsson,Lewis Hamilton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_Hill,helmets/hill.jpg,Identify the helmet,Graham Hill,Phil Hill,Damon Hill,Jim Clark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Hill,helmets/phil_hill.jpg,Identify the helmet,Phil Hill,John Surtees,Juan Fangio,Alberto Ascari
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Manuel_Fangio,helmets/fangio.jpg,Identify the helmet,Juan Fangio,Jim Clark,Alberto Ascari,John Surtees
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damon_Hill,helmets/damon_hill.jpg,Identify the helmet,Damon Hill,Graham Hill,Phil Hill,Jacky Ickx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacky_Ickx,helmets/ickx.jpg,Identify the helmet,Jacky Ickx,Jochen Rindt,James Hunt,Graham Hill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lewis_Hamilton,helmets/hamilton.jpg,Identify the helmet,Lewis Hamilton,Bruno Senna,Rio Haryanto,Robert Kubica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayrton_Senna,helmets/senna.jpg,Identify the helmet,Ayrton Senna,Bruno Senna,Gunnar Nilsson,Lewis Hamilton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Clark,helmets/clark.jpg,Identify the helmet,Jim Clark,Jack Brabham,Graham Hill,Jochen Rindt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackie_Stewart,helmets/stewart.jpg,Identify the helmet,Jackie Stewart,Jim Clark,David Coulthard,Jochen Rindt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenson_Button,helmets/button.jpg,Identify the helmet,Jenson Button,Johnny Herbert,Nigel Mansell,Damon Hill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stirling_Moss,helmets/moss.jpg,Identify the helmet,Stirling Moss,John Surtees,Juan Fangio,Giuseppe Farina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Surtees,helmets/surtees.jpg,Identify the helmet,John Surtees,Stirling Moss,Giuseppe Farina,Mike Hawthorn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clay_Regazzoni,helmets/regazzoni.jpg,Identify the helmet,Clay Regazzoni,Sebastien Buemi,Loris Kessel,Marc Surer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Pryce,helmets/pryce.jpg,Identify the helmet,Tom Pryce,Graham Hill,Damon Hill,Denny Hulme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denny_Hulme,helmets/hulme.jpg,Identify the helmet,Denny Hulme,Jackie Stewart,Graham Hill,Jack Brabham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niki_Lauda,helmets/lauda.jpg,Identify the helmet,Niki Lauda,Nelson Piquet,Alain Prost,Mario Andretti
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Farina,helmets/farina.jpg,Identify the helmet,Giuseppe Farina,Juan Fangio,Stirling Moss,Peter Collins
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mika_H%C3%A4kkinen,helmets/hakkinen.jpg,Identify the helmet,Mikka Hakkinen,Riccardo Patrese,Jean Alesi,Elio De Angelis
